`azurerm_postgresql_flexible_server_firewall_rule` - update the validation of `start_ip_address` and `end_ip_address` (#30514)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/postgresql_flexible_server_firewall_rule.html.markdown

* `server_id` - (Required) The ID of the PostgreSQL Flexible Server from which to create this PostgreSQL Flexible Server Firewall Rule. Changing this forces a new PostgreSQL Flexible Server Firewall Rule to be created.

> * `start_ip_address` - (Required) The Start IP V4 Address associated with this PostgreSQL Flexible Server Firewall Rule.

Reviewer: Can we change `IP V4` to `IPv4`, and while we're here, can we update the description to provide a little more detail? E.g. similar to REST API spec description:

```suggestion
* `start_ip_address` - (Required) The IPv4 Address defining the start of the range of addresses associated with this PostgreSQL Flexible Server Firewall Rule.
```

> * `end_ip_address` - (Required) The End IP V4 Address associated with this PostgreSQL Flexible Server Firewall Rule.

Reviewer: Same as above

```suggestion
* `end_ip_address` - (Required) The IPv4 Address defining the end of the range of addresses associated with this PostgreSQL Flexible Server Firewall Rule.
```
